 Hi Martin,
 after installation of Teneo the entry \"Ant Home Entries (Default)\" on the classpath page of Preferences-&gt;Ant-&gt;Runtime is empty (though the child entries of this tree node are visible).
 In addition to this I get a lot of NullPointerExceptions in the .log with \"Malformed URL\" as Message when I open that preference page. 
 The stack does not show any participation of teneo.
 I tested it on a complete new eclipse (RCP version) installation (M20080221-1800 ) with the EMF, GEF and GMF features installed in an empty workspace. 
 After each installation I looked at the that \"Ant Home Entries\" entry and all was fine. 
 But after installation of teneo it vanished. 
 After disabling of the teneo plugin the entry is visible again.
 gr. Manfred
 Hi Manfred,
 This seems strange behavior as installing teneo should not interfere with the rest of the eclipse installation. 
 Teneo is really just a set of plugins which do not change other plugins.
 Can you remove .log file and then restart eclipse with the -clean option and then attach the resulting .log file to this bugzilla?
 In addition which versions of eclipse, emf, etc. are you using?
 Can you also attach a screendump of the strange thing you see in preferences/ant?
 Does the plugin/feature information say something special? You can find it here:
 Help/Software Updates/Manage Configuration
 note that this view has a button to hide non-loaded features/plugins. 
 Can you see which plugins fail to load? 
 Depending on the version of eclipse you can see some more details of why the plugin failed to load.
 gr. Martin
 Created an attachment (id=95747) [details]
 log-file with errors after opening Ant Runtime Preferences
 Created an attachment (id=95748) [details]
 Ant Runtime Preferences screenshot
 Created an attachment (id=95749) [details]
 Configuration from Software Updates/Mangage Configuration
 Hi Martin,
 I have made the complete new configuration today and have added each new feature with the update manager.
 Perhaps this is a case that belongs to the core team of eclipse? 
 gr.
 Manfred
 Hi Martin,
 as you see from the .log-file I forgot the -clean flag. 
 Now I did it, but the .log-file only differs in that this setting is now shown. 
 All other messages including that curious \"Invalid perference page: Cache\" are the same.
 gr. Manfred
 Hi Manfred,
 Yes I can really not think on how this can be caused by Teneo. 
 I have moved the issue to the platform project. 
 Can you post a topic on the platform newsgroup (with a link to this bugzilla)?
 Maybe they know right away what's wrong.
 gr. Martin
 This behaviour did vanish with the teneo version I200805200858. 
 I believe there had been a consolidation of used libraries.
 Because of this I set set the resolution to fixed.
