 community has voted for. \r\nExamples include double-click-drag to select multiple words, triple-click, extensible hyperlink support and spell checking. \r\nWe should also improve the current search/replace dialog. \r\n[Platform Text, Platform UI,SWT]
 &gt;We should also improve the current search/replace dialog.
 Those will be minimal improvements like being able to resize the dialog. 
 We won't completely redesign the dialog e.g. to provide Firefox-like search unless it is contributed by a patch.
 Here is few things to look at:
 -- Ctrl-Backspace don't work in all text editor widgets (try fields in search dialog or text fields in plugin.xml editor)
 -- support for seaching multiline text and alow to replace into multiline text
 -- improve usability of search dialog. 
 Namely, replace direction radio buttons with additional buttons like \"Find previous\", \"Replace previous\". 
 This would make getting back to accidentally skipped search match much easier.
 &gt;-- Ctrl-Backspace don't work in all text editor widgets (try fields in search dialog or text fields in plugin.xml editor)
 Please file separate bug reports, e.g. we do not control the PDE editor - thanks.
 &gt;-- Ctrl-Backspace don't work in all text editor widgets (try fields in search
 The problem here is that JDT UI started to map the text editor's editing commands onto the text, combo and other widgets using TextFieldNavigationHandler.
 It would be possible push parts of TextFieldNavigationHandler down to Platform Text to provide this for dialogs around the editor but I think this is a more general issue since users then also expect the navigation commands to work in
 wizards, Ctrl+H search pages etc. 
 But this can't be adopted by JFace because they don't depend on the text editor plug-ins.
 To solve this, JFace will have to adopt/define editing commands that can be used along with widgets and would have to provide the navigation handler(s).
 Can you file a bug report against Platform UI and describe the problematic.
 Please add myself to the cc-list. Thanks.
 (In reply to comment #0)
 &gt; extensible hyperlink support
 I would prefer if extensive hyperlink support is much lower (ideally at the StyledText widget but if not, at the JFace level). 
 UI Forms would like to port from FormText to StyledText. 
 StyledText has added many key features in 3.2 time frame with hyperlink support being the last one we need in order to port.
 Dejan, you're not allone ;-) 
 Feel free to add your comments to bug 156219. 
 The one in text land is bug 88293.
 I'd like to throw in bug 145959 (forgive me if this doesn't apply to text editors):
 On Windows, multi-line text boxes as used e.g. in the Run-&gt;Arguments dialog should support Return key in two ways:
 [Return]: add CR/LF to current text box
 [Ctrl-Return]: send Return key to parent dialog (similiar to executing the default action).
  &gt;I'd like to throw in bug 145959 (forgive me if this doesn't apply to text editors):
 Nothing to forgive just to ignore ;-) 
 This plan item covers Platform Text. 
 You have to place your feature with Platform SWT.
 Completed as of I20070327-0800.
 Some were hoping to drag source code is 3.2, perhaps they'll get it 3.3. 
 And of course, it should be optional for those who would have a man run ahead of a horseless carriage with a red flag.
