 Version:            (using Devel)
 Installed from:    Compiled sources
 OS:                Linux
 Using nightly builds from project Neon,  kdebase version 20080617+svn821478-0neon1
 There seem to be some problems with the zoom out view.  
 It doesn't layout the activities properly.
 Steps to reproduce:
 1. Zoom out.
 2. Add Activity.
 Now only the newly added activity is shown, in the top left corner of the screen.
 3. Zoom in.
 4. Zoom out.
 Now both the activities are shown, but not in the order they were added, and there is some whitespace around them.
 If another activity is added, this happens again, and have to zoom in and out twice to get all 3 activities to show.
 Same here at openSUSE, KDE 4.1 beta 2.
 I'm using NVidia binary drivers btw, have an NVidia Geforce 6600 GT.
 Just found out that the \"offset\" of the activity overview changes when you double click on the second activity. 
 The same probably happens too when adding an activity.
 At this point, it's not possible anymore to use drag&drop to move to the first activity. 
 Only zooming out, selecting the first, and zooming in fixes it.
 yeah, that regression crept in a while ago, and it's been bugging me a lot.
 we've actually got multiple bugs in this report, it'd be nice to separate them out (but I have to leave in a minute).
 1) adding/switching activity makes the view jump suddenly to another place (it's trying to make sure the activity is visible, and being stupid about it)
 2) dragging the view around to see other activities no longer works (regression! it worked before woc)
 Actually, dragging around the view does work here *except right after adding an activity*.  
 I just didn't know about that functionality when I filed this report.
 Adding an activity makes the view jump to another place, and also the placement of the new activity seems arbitrary.
 Bug = Add activity focuses view on the new activity until zoom level changes
 well then, let's make the title a bit clearer
 I think add activity option (and zoom out) should be removed in the 4.1 final.
 This bug is quite big, plus there's no clear way to delete an activity. 
 Also,performance when zoomed out is slow as hell.
 I didn't report this issues because some of them are already reported and I thought others are pretty obvious.
 Don't get me wrong, it's a great idea, but it's current status makes it confusing, useless and buggy :S
 performace is fine for me. 
 are you using nvidia?
 there are already people making use of multiple activities, we're not going to take that away from them.
 it'd be really really nice if this bug could be fixed somehow, though.
 &gt; This bug is quite big
 so huge it crashes your machine, loses dat, etc, right? 
 this is a molehill, stop making it into a mountain.
 &gt; but it's current status makes it confusing, useless and buggy
 so don't use it. 
 we have gotten many reports of people who DO like it and are using it for day to day work. 
 i suppose your desire to see this set of problems hidden overrides their productivity?
 and if we'd taken this approach in 4.0 we'd be even further behind.
 SVN commit 838477 by chani:
 when a new activity is added, don't move more than necessary to show it this seems to fix dragging the view around too :)
 BUG: 164545
 please backport.
  M  +7 -1      view.cpp  
 WebSVN link: http://websvn.kde.org/?view=rev&revision=838477
