 Version:            (using KDE 4.1.2)
 Installed from:    Compiled From Sources
 Amarok version 1.94
 When moving a large amount of files to my collection, amarok2 opens a file dialog for every single file that it moves. 
 To reproduce:
 Make a directory where you would like your music collection to be stored. 
 Go in to amarok2 and set it up so that the new collection area is included. 
 Then, right-click on local collection, select organise and select the new destination for the files.
 Even my Core 2 Duo with 2 GB of RAM could not handle 16,000 file dialogs, and crashed my whole system hard, requiring a reboot.
 Can we please either:
 1) move the files sequentially, or
 2) not display a file dialog?
 Sorry, I can't reproduce this. 
 I just tried, and there is information shown in the progress bar and nowhere else.
 I'm copying tracks to my local sql collection. 
 I assume you are doing the same?
 Are you using Amarok to move the files? 
 It still opens a file dialog for every file that it is \"organising\"
 I just checked again.
 I have the following options ticked on in the Organise files option.
 Use cover art for folder icons
 Ignore \"the\" in artist names
 Group by file type
 Replace spaces with underscores
 restrict to ASCII
 VFAT safe filenames
 Overwrite destination
 It might be that one of those options trigger this, or the combination.
 Weird.
 Once I started messing around with what is ticked, the problem went away.
 Now I am also unable to reproduce it. 
 I have been able to reliably reproduce the bug. 
 Use the files tab of amarok, then click on the directory that you want to move the files from, select move to collection. 
 Select the following:
 Use cover art for folder icons 
 Ignore \"the\" in artist names 
 Group by file type 
 Replace spaces with underscores restrict to ASCII 
 VFAT safe filenames 
 Overwrite destination 
 It makes lots of file transfer windows for me, every time. 
 -Evert-
 I still can't reproduce this.
  Are you using copying using Amarok's filebrowser, or are you organising the collection browser?
 How did you install amarok (compiled, packages etc) and which platform are you using
 I am using Amarok's file browser. 
 I think so, anyways. 
 I click on the files tab.
 I have noticed that I only get the lots of file moving dialogs if I have all of those options ticked. 
 Right now I am moving my files in to my collection with Overwrite destination unticked and I do not get the file dialogs then. 
 I downloaded the source of amarok 1.94, and compiled it with gcc 4.2.3
 I am using Sorcerer Linux, so all software on my system is hand-optimized and locally compiled.
 -Evert-
 SVN commit 881542 by seb:
 Fix boolean logic which caused the progress info to be shown when overwriting tracks during a collection copy.
 BUG: 174533
  M  +2 -0      ChangeLog  
  M  +1 -1      src/collection/sqlcollection/SqlCollectionLocation.cpp  
 WebSVN link: http://websvn.kde.org/?view=rev&revision=881542
